# FAQ(Frequently Asked Questions)

**What is this page all about?** This page is an experiment in free, open, self-replicating web media.  Every page here contains code that can replicate it across the Internet.  Every page can be edited, including completely deleted by anyone.  It can also by copied by anyone, edited, and copied again etc.  It consists of some very simple web code, designed to be as minimalist as possible. You can edit all the code right here on the server.

**who wrote this?** I'm a Maple Lawn local.  I hang out at Sidamo and work down the road at a lab. If you're at all interested in learning more about this software please email me at lafelabs[at]gmail.com, and I can meet up at Sidamo for a demo and explanation of how the code works.

**what is this for?** This page is for local information sharing in the physical location of Maple Lawn.  This is not a place to put outward-facing information that might turn up in a search engine(these pages all have code to stop web crawlers so they should not be in seraches) or business type site.  Rather it is an informal, geographically-based collection of bulletin boards, meme pages and maps to help people actually in Maple Lawn on a day-to-day basis share information.  

**What information should I *not* put on this network?** Do not put anything on here which is secret, private, personal, classified, proprietary, or illegal.  Assume anything you put on here will get deleted and can also be copied and archived by anyone.

**How can I get involved and learn more?** Email me(Lafe) at lafelabs[at]gmail.com and I'll show you how to make your own pages, how to edit the code, how to make more pages like this, etc.  Once you know how to add pages to the network and edit pages, just add content and spread the word.  Also, it's very easy even without a tech background to set up your own server either for free or hosted on some domain you own with a cheap shared hosting account to set up your own full version of this in some other place.  Once the network fully self replicates, including showing people how to copy the full server setup, it can in theory become a global network.

**Is this a company/business/startup?** No.  There is no business, I'm not trying to make money here or start a company this is just an experiment in free software and local networking.  This is not some kind of stealth marketing campaign it's just some free web pages.

**I don't like something I've seen on the network, and have a problem with it, and want it deleted.** Anything you see on the network can be deleted once you understand how the software works.  I can teach you this, I'll be posting tutorials, but if you see something harmful on the network and don't want to learn the software email the creator of this page and I'll manually delete it for you.

**How can I use this network to help my local Maple Lawn business make more money? Or place an ad here?** Unlike search engines which are for profit businesses, this is just a free page with links on it.  As a hobby, users of the network will be adding links to businesses.  If you want to promote a thing here just do it.  But this is not like buying a banner ad with a contract, it's like putting your business card on a cork board in the local pizza shop: an informal sharing of information, at your own risk. 

**I'm with some official Maple Lawn thing like a HOA or business association and you're messing up the Maple Lawn brand with your eccentric art project can you please not use the maple lawn name in your domain?** I got this domain for like 10 dollars on a whim, and if you want it and have a good reason I'll sign it over in exchange for some other random domain or lunch or something.  One of the ideas of this type of web page is that domains don't matter so much.  You key it in once and then it's all links.  Just let me know and I'll move it to another domain.

**How can I use this network to connect with other Maple Lawn residents?** Make a bulletin board tied to a physical location, a virtual board that corresponds to a physical bulletin board like place.  Then you can just put up a piece of physical media in that real place that has the address of your virtual board and you've linked your online space to the physical space and vice versa( by linking to your online board via maps and other links in the existing network).  I'll show you how to do this, email me.

**What can I use this network for?** Everything you would use the regular Web for *except* personal stuff: never post anything personal/private on here. But other than that, any advertising, sharing of ideas, meeting people, discussion, news postings etc that you might see on a public-facing social media feed can work here.  If the format is not quite right, it's easy to rewrite the code and make it do what you want, to build live web apps that do anything that doesn't require a database and private logins.  

**how to I make a new page?** Click on the icon for list.html next to the edit icon from any page to see the sub-pages and generate new ones.  Then put the name of the new page or map in the correct field, hit enter, and click on the link.  Email for demos and tutorial.

**If every page is freely editable, aren't you worried about hackers, malware and cybersecurity in general?** There are two kinds of files on this server: functional code and data/content.  Functional code is mostly repetitions of the same files again and again, which can be repopulated in seconds using a php script that gets the code from a remote repository on the web(on Github).  Content like this FAQ are backed up using a content tree replicator that is backed up in the same way.  Anyone trained in the software here will know how to run either of these replicator programs, and no passwords are needed to do so.  So unlike a Wordpress site which can easily be hacked, but then only the admin can fix it, this can be equally easily hacked *but* any user can fix it. We rely on the fact that most networks have more people who like to fix things than break things, as does the physical world. 

**why did you write this?** I love what the Web could be and in many ways used to be.  And I hate what it has become as a tiny group of ruthless Bay Area tech companies have turned everything into the worst of commercial TV combined with a monstrous new kind of information war.  I believe Facebook is one of the most evil companies to ever exist.  If our government was functional at all, the senior people at Facebook would all be facing numerous criminal charges(human experimentation, espionage, lying to congress, stealing from Harvard, fostering terrorism, election tampering, just to name a few of their crimes).  If the "free market" was working, they'd have lost all their market share for how much their customers(victims) hate them.  Neither are functioning at all, however, and the only hope for a better network is to build one from scratch and give it away for free.


**where is this network hosted?** Dreamhost.

**Under what license is the code for this network?** All code here is PUBLIC DOMAIN with no restrictions or IP "rights" whatsoever.  It was written by someone who believes that claiming to "own" code is a crime against humanity.  I do not share the view of the "open source" community that there are ways to claim ownership of code that are non-evil if you just pay some lawyers to write the right words.  ALL IP associated with ALL code is totally immoral in ALL cases.  This was written by me and possibly other anon contributors during a time when I was unemployed some years ago.

**I posted a thing and it's deleted and I want it back!** Please, again *please* don't put anything up here that you don't want deleted unless you back it up yourself somewhere.  Think of this like a chalk board: you can write stuff but there is an eraser sitting right there just waiting to be used.  That said, nothing is stopping people from writing archive scripts to save things randomly, so don't *assume* things are deleted if that's what you want.  Just as with the chalk board someone could always photograph what you write on it with a smartphone and put it on Instagram, or they could erase it--you must assume either is possible.  I will not be doing any automatic archiving though.

**why is your code so bad?** I'm not a software developer.  I'm a person who spent some time learning from w3schools and trial and error.

**why do you use php for server side code? I really think you should use Ruby, or node, or some Python framework or some other thing that I really want to talk to you about**  I use php for one reason: it works everywhere.  No command line installs, no dedicated hosting needed, nothing fancy. Just put a file on the server, point a browser at it and it goes. And it runs on macos(php comes installed), windows(you can use MAMP or install php under the ubuntu that runs under windows), Raspberry Pi, random free web hosting services, and shared hosting.  

**How come there are no usernames, passwords, logins, etc?** This is a different model for the Web than we've been using since the rise of Web 2.0.  Before the rise of social media, web pages had generally a single author, were basically static, and then many people would in theory come read that page.  Then with the rise of social media we got dynamic pages that index vast databases of personal data, where each user shares their own personal stash of information with all the other users in a many-to-many model.  But the information is personal, and very much tied to its creator.  These pages assume a model where in the future the number of web pages vastly exceeds the number of people.  In this scenario personal logins, passwords and online identities are totally impractical and defeat the whole functioning of the network.  To illustrate consider that a page like this might be just a few kilobytes, but that even a 10 dollar raspberry pi based web server or free web hosting service will easily have gigabytes of space.  In theory this means each server on a network might have many 10's of thousands of pages. We're already at a point where the number of web enabled devices that could in theory act as servers is comparable to the number of people on the planet.  Thus we can easily envision a network in which there are many 10's or 100's of thousands of web pages *for each human mind in existence!*



[link up a level to main page](../)

